[Music] we
can we can negotiate well let's
see it has been
confirmed In recent days some
news that has been given here on this
program
gmaldon in survivor well it is that
I am they have already been confirmed these
days it has already been
officially confirmed we were already commenting that the only
reason why she would not go would be because of that
problem that she had
which was a problem of
Wait Wait Wait
like an eating disorder that she
had in the past health problems and
such that could prevent
her from staying in Honduras not in such
extreme circumstances I sense
that she will have thought about it several times
she we know that she was looking forward to going
miramorro meira by the way today is her
birthday Congratulations Love
love what a beautiful word and
And yes it is true that love has already
claimed and on social media she says look at the one who was not
going to go the one who said that my information
was erroneous this was The Chronicle of an
announced confirmation But what does
Javi mean the entry of this
young lady from what we all know to give
feedback that her mother continues to be
because her mother will see her in
the debates and in the  galas and people will
say Look, her mother is defending her
daughter No no honey no no no dear her
mother will take the opportunity to defend her
daughter but her mother is hired as a
collaborator which is not the same
Understand me
just like Kiko Rivera when he was on
set and Isabel Pantoja was there Kiko
was hired as a collaborator
evidently to defend his mother
is that unlike You think Ana
María el don is going to go for free to defend
her daughter no no no no no no no no let's go
but no no we already have an excuse because
I'm sure that gemaldón and Ana María
have agreed and their representatives in between
Gema contribute content in
survivors are 24 hours talk about her
experience with Ortega Beyond what has
already been said and I'm sure she will ally herself
a bit with Ana María so that
Ana María has things to say at the
galas But well at the galas she was
measured saying well here
we are going to talk about her contest and then
at the party she will say more and then if that's the case
then in some exclusive the truth is
that they are more predictable than the weather in the
Canary Islands Javi is  that but delighted
but let's not see this girl leaving
aside the form because
wow
the message that Gloria Camila has published
that we already knew the
content but seeing it also as it
is written it
gives you to understand a little not the
circumstance the circumstances of this
person no
and honestly it is an outrage because
see people attribute a lot of Gloria to
Camila when they know some images that there were
of a fight when she was 15 years old but
my son we are not 15 years old anymore I have
also been able to fight Maybe
at 15 years old, at 13 years old but that on the one
hand no but this girl since the
beginning of Rocío Carrasco's madness
Gema was already on Twitter and
Instagram looking for a fight Oh long live the
fuchsia tide the mother glue I don't know that
type of things Until she has achieved her
purpose eh totally I know what I
think Gema during her time on the
island that I don't know how long it will last I think she will
show her true face and she will not
be good no Besides The Island is a
program it is one of the reality shows that bring
out the worst side of you  people
not only bring out the worst side of you but
I well the people here will know
perfectly well that on Sálvame they
will take care of bringing out her past and
precisely her happiest past
let's remember episodes of her that I
supposed that episodes of her
in her land that love romeiras She already
mentioned some without going into detail
let's ask ourselves about her origins I'm
sure that's going to come out they
public figure
well about her family about her past
about her habits about her things and
well I'm sure that there is that
she herself has put on networks
basically that she put Look the truth
is that I am the same as for some for others
what happened on networks 10 years ago
really I think that neither or not
Because I also say it for myself and I
think that it matters to me for example the
message Gloria to Camila is worth the message
and the ways and Yuca picks it up and those kinds
of issues but to me what you
put on networks 10 years ago or
other things that are more intimate about her let's
see how to get the content
you can see but in the end you are not going to
play anyone for something I can to me what
seemed horrible was the subject of the
message  because look precisely I
have a trial coming up soon for
someone who said something like that to me on social media, on social
media and in messages, he put it to me in a
public tweet and on social media recently and
now in a few weeks
we have the trial which is more than
evident and Gloria Camila at the time, well, of
course, as part of the family, well, did
not want to get involved, not only
to denounce the daughter of her
father's wife. Of course, but
the content of the message is
very contradictory because you can say
we don't need anything from your
disgusting family because you only know how to
sell out others. I don't know what it is like, it's that it's that
Cover up.
Look at me, at me. Look, the fact that
Gloria Camila has revealed herself like this on
social media makes me happy Because that
means that she's much better now because, let's
remember, she's been through a bad
time, she had to give up a bit. And
she's very good. In fact, a few
days ago on Spanish television she came,
which seems like a brutal zasca to me,
implying that I come here because I feel
comfortable, I'm calm. Here you know. But
Julian, in the end, there's no
need for the brawl, let people not insult
really people really don't
know how to talk without being disrespectful but
deep down I find it funny to see her I think
that deep down deep down I would have
a coffee with her Well if you dare
because the people here are very I
will invite you to a debate in the carrillo I
think you're going to have a little one income
is income not in the little one no but for
another day okay
face today I'm going to sleep Yes but you
're a Sara salamo but it's not a
problem We have to defend
old videos from when I was blond
I mean [ __ ] and really those videos are
from a couple of years ago no yeah let's see it's that we
always have the
videos scheduled It's that I there are videos it's wrong for
me to say it that I consider them works of
art of gossip works of art of trash
television it wouldn't be no and there are videos that
we have scheduled so that there are always
broadcasts or I mean this in the little one I have
n't done it but to entertain people
yes they like it when I make them interested Or if
they like it that I do it that from time to
time we remember video a little because
many times they make you like how would
the word much that a  the best thing is that we are
dealing with related topics and it
gives you context that maybe you
often forget because whether you like it or not,
aunt, I don't know if it happens to you
How many topics do we cover 200 200 you can
be it happens to me I only say to my
parents he is telling you everything I say in the
end one of the two one of the two
branches I think that in the end for h for b or
for age or whatever there will come a
time in life when one of the
two branches because you can't be there you have to
be focused on both
understands So how many topics do we cover
Antonio David and knowing Pantoja Ana
Gallardo the branch of Kiko Rivera with the
mother I don't know what then from time to
time it comes in handy because you remember
phrases and comments and little things that
maybe you don't have very present
then Many times I make people dizzy
because they say Well but now there's Rubio
now there's Moreno now what's wrong with him
totally immaculate How beautiful
I hope you are very well immaculate
queen heart and Well tell me it's that
everything is very strong Javi it's that I am very
strong everything but listen to me it's not  A good
title, you're going to tell us something that
no one has said
[Music]